Help.
Help!
Police believe the
Dundee bomber has struck again,
leaving three people dead
and 22 injured,
four critically.
This is eyewitness footage
from inside Mezcal bar.
A busy venue in the
city centre, particularly
popular with young people.
Police are still trying
to identify the so-called
running man.
described by witnesses
as having left the bar
shortly before the blast.
Pressure is mounting
on the police to bring an end
to the campaign of terror
for which they are
yet to establish a motive.
This isn't the kind of bomb
you need to run away from.
It was detonated with a timer,
almost certainly a phone.
The bomber could've
walked out of the bar,
calm as you like.
Why would you run
and draw attention to yourself?
So what have you got so far?
We found this
bit of phone casing
with wires soldered to it.
Part of the explosive train?
We're thinking, why else
would that wire be there?
We've amassed
quite a collection of wires,
haven't we?
These will help us
reconstruct and show you
how the device worked.
We think the device
used the same methodology
as the church hall bomb,
only it's bigger.
And packed with shrapnel.
Ball bearings, tacks and
so far we've retrieved... 92?
Ninety-four.
Three-inch nails.
And that's not including
the nails embedded
in the victims.
Even if you don't manage
to kill anyone, you know these
are gonna pierce and tear skin,
disfigure someone for life.
It fits with
the iterative development
of these bombs, so far.
And they're getting
bolder, nastier.
They made a dud last time.
Partly detonated bomb
outside the gym.
Overreached themselves, maybe.
So now they're reverting
to what they know.
How to make a pipe bomb.
Only, they've elevated it.
They've made another pipe bomb
and they've made it bigger.
I can tell you how
based on scientific facts.
But I can't speculate as to why.
Lots of folk haven't come in
today because of the bomb.
The Dean has. This is your
five-minute warning.
-Okay, thank you.
Can I show you something?
-Sure.
This was done by
a facial reconstruction team
working from a CT scan
of a skull and jawbone.
Is this the head that got
driven back to Cornwall?
No, this is the other head.
And here is the real boy.
-Wow! This is poor
Euan McMillan.
-Yeah.
Did you ever see him around?
I may have passed him in
the sea of young faces, but no.
The first I heard of him
is in the paper.
Is this how they identified him?
No, the police found his ID
near the lock
and contacted his parents.
-And they identified
his remains?
-No.
Euan's remains weren't something
you'd want a parent to see.
The family gave the police
a toothbrush of Euan's and
they got a DNA match that way.
This just arrived today,
too late.
He lied to his family.
He'd told them he'd arranged
with the university to take
a year out of his studies...
-And he hadn't?
-No, he dropped out.
He told his parents he was
camping in Spain, off grid.
He was less than two hours
from home.
Was he depressed?
Well, judging from
how it looks like he died,
I'd say he was
a deeply unhappy boy.
The CCTV at the entrance
was destroyed.
But the witnesses
near the entrance
were the worst hurt.
We can't get to them.
That's why it's such
a shit show.
Tracing running man?
Not tracing him, aye.
Understanding these devices
is fantastic.
We're desperate for any evidence
that physically identifies
the bomber.
Hello.
Hi.
How are ya?
Bit crazy.
Me too.
Come on, Safi.
I'm sorry if the way
I expressed myself
at this showcase seemed...
Graceless?
Direct.
I was warned about academics.
-Were you?
-Yes.
"Watch out for academics.
"They're resistant to change
and they don't like
being managed."
I don't like being micro-managed
or hearing something
I didn't agree to do
being announced in public.
I had to throw
the donors a bone.
Students want to study
forensic science because
it has profile
but there's not as much work
out there as people think.
Now, the undergraduate course
we run at the moment,
the scale of it, the modules,
the teacher-student ratio,
is designed to teach real
science to a high standard
so the people who graduate
are qualified to go into
all kinds of science,
not just forensic science.
That's students first,
right there.
Quality of teaching,
not quantity.
That's not a profitable view.
I'm not resistant to change.
I'm resistant to
ideas I don't think will work.
You're resistant to my ideas.
-Is there a bit of intellectual
snobbery going on here?
-No.
I may not write academic papers
but I do know
how to run a business
and I do know about people.
You're such a brilliant woman
and such an asset,
I'd absolutely hate
for us to fall out.
I've just been reading about
you and McMillan.
Awful.
Were you involved
in recovering his body
or have I got that wrong?
-I was.
-The news reports don't
explain the circumstances.
No, well there'll be
a fatal accident enquiry.
So, it was an accident?
I don't discuss
case work with anyone.
Oh, come on! I'm not anyone.
I'm the Dean of the School
of Science!
Euan McMillan was
a Physics graduate here.
It concerns me.
Just because it happened
before my time,
doesn't mean I don't take
a compassionate interest.
I can't help you.
And he didn't graduate.
He withdrew. Dropped out.
You're not a team player,
are you?
Depends on the team.
Two more witnesses
in hospital are ready
to talk to us.
Great.
What's the story with
the food-delivery riders?
-Do we have order numbers yet?
-No.
-Neil.
-Oh. Hi, Kathy.
How're you holding up?
You know...
Wish we'd got a bit
further ahead than we are.
-Sure.
-I'm sorry, Kathy, got to go.
She wanted to find out
from me if Euan McMillan
committed suicide?
-You didn't tell her.
-No!
Because it would be unethical
or because you don't like her.
I don't need to like her.
If I needed to like everyone,
I'd kill myself.
This isn't about not liking her.
I don't trust her!
No... I actively suspect her.
-Of what?
-I don't know yet,
but I know I'm right.
She's putting on an act.
She's faking something.
Okay, well,
try not to demonise her.
I'm having a beer with Euan's
Advisor of Studies tonight.
I have questions.
-Can I tell you what I would do?
-Be discreet? I know.
Before I talked to
his Advisor of Studies,
I would start with the President
of the Students' Union.
He knows the temperature
of the University.
Then I'd go to Polly,
who runs the shop.
She knows everything.
I would gather as many stories
as you can, then,
cross triangulate,
find the real story.
This is what the cake and charm
is really about, right?
Allegiances.
You're a political strategist
disguised as a school girl.
I just try and understand
the politics of what happens
between people.
Has Neil lost weight?
He looks...
Well, the pressure
he's under...
No, totally.
That's what I was thinking.
We're under siege.
No one thinks we're capable.
-Well, Sarah, you are.
-Kathy, Erika's looking for you.
-Thanks.
Hey, Janine. Do you agree
with me that Sarah is not
as innocent as she looks?
Wholeheartedly.
You called?
I'm not sure I'm going
to be able to complete
the report this week.
How come?
Because I also have to prepare
the demonstrations for
six classes and write up
the total body scores
for this week's data and...
When can you have it done by?
Um, Monday, maybe?
Tuesday, possibly.
Okay. We can skip
the variables.
Just get it in
as soon as you can.
The other devices
didn't use parcel tape.
Finn, look.
This stuff's
so thin and sticky,
it's a nightmare to handle.
So, I'm wondering,
could John roll a section of it
with gloves on?
Or might you ditch them
in frustration?
And leave a fingerprint.
Erika?
I'm looking
for Professor Torrance.
Do you know where she is?
Nope.
You don't look like
a very happy bunny.
Oh, just tired.
Forgive me for not knowing this,
I came from business, you see.
But, is this study
also your PhD?
Yes, studying decomposition
in water.
Right. But that's the study?
Actually, no.
The whole study is
Comparing Decomposition on Land
and in Water in Scotland.
I see, and that is
authored by...
That will be co-authored by
Professor Torrance and me.
But the water research is yours.
Mmm-hmm.
I was very interested to see
the talk Professor Torrance
gave in Santorini.
Have you seen it?
-No.
-I think you'll find it
interesting, too.
You in particular.
I'll send you a link.
Black pill.
You and Sarah brought it to us
weeks ago.
We parked it.
This just appeared
on our twitter account.
SO15 want a meeting, now!
Well, black pill is a term
used by INCEL or
Involuntary Celibate Community.
It's a sub-culture.
An online community, mostly.
American, mostly.
Black pill is short-hand
for the state of hopelessness
of being a man who is denied sex
because of the way
he looks, basically.
-Can you trace a GIF?
-No. No, there is no metadata
on a GIF file.
We've put in
a communication data request
for logs of IP addresses
which visited the site
when the GIF was posted.
So this is maybe posted
by running man himself
or someone, the bomber,
taunting us by combining
the black pill with running man.
-Any trace of a black pill
with this bomb?
-No.
-Any sign of a hashtag four?
Professor Gordon did discover
a fingerprint on this
latest device.
That's with our lab,
fast tracked.
So sorry.
Thank you for all your work,
Professor Gordon.
You're very welcome.
You're not gonna be needed
anymore.
Oh, right. As in...
All the productions and evidence
will be returned
to Porton Down.
Thanks again.
We'll come and get
your case file. Would
this afternoon suit you?
Yeah. Yup.
What a terrible way
to do that.
-Honest to God...
-Neil!
Sarah's fanta...
Her work is fantastic!
That's not in question.
The decision was made
by the Lord Advocate.
Things have escalated.
He wants this bomb work
out of a University lab
and into a government lab.
All of us
are subject to the directions of
the Lord Advocate,
however loyal we may feel
to trusted colleagues.
Where's the link
behind these bombs?
Bomb number one.
Pilates class.
Pilates is for women.
We still don't know that bomb
wasn't aimed at Father Incuzi.
And we may never.
But say it wasn't.
I think it wasn't.
Pilates class is for "women."
-There were three men
in that class.
-I know.
Bomb number two. Nail bar.
Nail bars are for women.
One of the victims was a man.
Aye. Bomb number three
that didn't go off.
Boxing club, gym, whatever.
For guys who get the women.
Mezcal bar, for women and guys
who are getting it on
and getting it sexually.
Well, that's maybe the logic.
-Are INCELs classified
as terrorist threats?
-No.
Not in the States, either.
Even though people
are killed there in
INCEL-motivated attacks.
-Bomb attacks?
-No, guns usually. Sometimes,
a vehicle uses a weapon.
How big is the INCEL community?
By the reckon of it,
10,000 in the UK.
Thousands more worldwide.
Just guy's blowing off steam,
really.
Then, there's a smaller,
extreme faction.
But they intermingle.
So, following your line, Neil,
who do we need to protect
most urgently?
Who's the next target?
If you hate
sexually active women
and you want to hurt them
and you hate sexually active men
and you want to hurt them,
that's most of the population.
That's why folk are scared.
I mean, now that the gamers
are out of the picture there's
no pattern for folk to follow.
Everybody's just thinking,
"It could be me next."
It could.
Is it for a special occasion?
Yeah.
Sorry.
I'm still a bit...
Aye. Of course, you are.
On you go.
Who were you with, Jack?
Last I caught Gina.
Gina, who?
No clue.
First time I'd met her.
So, it's just you and Gina.
No.
Thought I was with a girl called
Suzy before that,
but... disaster.
We get short with each other
after 20 minutes, and I...
Hooked up with Gina.
-This is on your phone?
This is all a dating app...
-Aye.
Did you see anything unusual
before the explosion?
There was a guy.
He ran past us
like a bat out of hell.
Can you describe him?
No.
No, not really.
White shirt?
Aye. Him.
Excuse me, excuse me.
You forgot your bag.
-Oh, thank you.
What a numpty.
You're lucky it's me.
My manager would have called
the bomb squad.
Did you know?
They called me after you left.
Great, and that's the first
you heard of it.
Yeah.
That's Ian. Ian Duffy.
Is he okay? Where is he?
We don't know where he is.
-Did he not make it?
-Make it? Where?
Reykjavik.
Studies on decomposition
in water in the past
have separated fresh water
from salt water.
In Dundee's River Tay we have
not salt water or fresh water
but briny, tidal water.
It's provided unique conditions
for my study.
It's provided unique
conditions for my study.
I don't think so.
Ian Duffy ran out of Mezcal bar
to catch a flight to Reykjavik
for a stag do where he steeped
himself in vodka ever since.
So he says.
Well, get him back
and interview him.
We're liaising
with Interpol and we're
looking at anything
that might link Duffy
to black pill or INCEL thinking.
Any progress
with the IP address?
The IP address that visited
the site when the GIF was posted
is in New York City.
It's a VPN company.
So, it could be anywhere.
Someone's hiding behind it.
We've got our hands on
the food order numbers
that all three
food delivery companies,
not just Dundee's,
picked up from Mezcal
on the night.
We can trace them back to
each delivery rider's phone.
And food order number 2442
was the last one in
before the bomb went off.
The fingerprint
Professor Gordon identified
on the Mezcal bomb
is a beauty
according to the lab.
But no possible candidates
were found on the database
Shame.
So, I talked to
the Student Union President.
He says the Physics department
has a tough culture,
which doesn't work for everyone
and sensitive students struggle.
I talked to Polly in the shop.
She knew you and she used
the word "sensitive" about him.
She said he used to
come in often and then
she heard he withdrew.
It's like I'm you.
-I wouldn't recommend it.
-Why? What's up?
SO15 pulled the bomb work
back to Porton.
-It happens. It's normal.
You just have to let it go.
-Yeah.
Come on, Sarah,
it's not personal.
No.
I'm in love with Sarah Gordon.
I knew it.
You wouldn't have it
but I knew it.
You should have seen
yourself today, Neil,
when she got the push.
You looked like you wanted
to just run after her and scoop
her up on your white horse.
Couldn't even hide it.
I was sitting in front of you.
I'm so sorry.
I don't know what to say
and I don't know what to do.
-You pack a bag is what you do.
-Please, Azra, I want to talk.
You pack a bag and you get out.
-Azra.
-You grow a pair of balls
is what you do.
Don't ask me what to do.
Be a man, you stupid man.
Get out!
-I want to talk.
-I don't!
I want you out!
Have you shagged her yet?
No.
What a loser.
Shall I come pick you up?
-What?
-What good will that do?
See if you get a cab.
I know what you've done, Sarah.
What have I done?
You've looked
in the kitchen diary
and not in the phone diary.
I'm coming home tomorrow.
You never forgave me, did you?
My darling, I tried.
Should have had the guts
to leave me back then.
I thought we could weather it.
Been over for years.
Well,
I don't agree with that.
But, no. We never got back
to where we were.
You can't judge me now.
You know what it feels like
to fall in love with someone
and cause pain.
Doesn't make me a bad person
that I did that.
I never judged that.
What got me
was that you hid it
from me as long as you did.
And that I found out about it
the way that I did.
We'll both be happier.
-Oh.
Hi.
Can you meet me for a drink?
No.
Okay.
Sorry.
No, no problem.
Can you come over?
Yes.
Are you at sea farm or...
I'm at home.
Okay, uh... Sure.
Well...
You'll have to tell me
where you live.
-Hey! Hey!
You think that's funny? Eh?
There's bombs going off
all over the city,
people are scared
to leave their houses.
There's nothing funny about it.
You understand?
-Are you friendly
with your neighbours?
-Why?
I just went
over the top with a kid
who was throwing fireworks.
Oh, good for you. Come in.
I didn't realise
how wound up I was.
Who are they for?
For you, being treated
atrociously today.
How lovely.
If you like the smell of petrol.
I do.
So, that's absolutely perfect.
Fiscal said it was
political, basically.
Sending everything back
to Porton Down.
It's no reflection
on your work at all.
They're panicking, basically.
I say that like I'm not.
God knows I'm panicking, too.
Of course you are.
It's terrifying knowing
the next bomb
could go off any minute.
That's why I hate
being stood down.
Not because they did it
in such a shitty way,
but because it means
there's nothing I can do.
It wasn't shitty.
It was brutal.
You know who I feel
really let down by is Finn.
When I got back to the lab,
he was already
packing up the productions,
but he pretended he hadn't known
before I did.
He's such a shitty liar.
Spineless.
Don't.
-Where's your family?
-Away.
That was a good one,
his first term.
Yeah. But I had
no concerns about him.
And then, by the end
of his first year his,
his grades were slipping.
And then by the second year,
he was failing.
Right.
I mean, students don't just fail
for no reason, right?
You know, just fail
for the hell of it.
Anyway...
Euan, he... He stopped
coming in to talk to me.
But you know,
whenever I'd run into him,
he seemed very despondent.
So I flagged it
to the Vice Dean
of Teaching and Learning.
I said I've got concerns
about Euan McMillan.
I'm worried about
his mental state.
This was email or face-to-face?
Face-to-face.
Nothing happened.
And so I did put in an email.
Three, in fact.
Nothing.
By the time I escalated things,
it was too late.
Euan had dropped out.
He wants to withdraw, there's...
Frustratingly little
you can do to help.
Sure.
Next I heard about him
was in the papers this week.
God, I should have
done more.
We all should.
Yeah.
How did you escalate things?
Well, I wrote to the dean.
I should feel bad, but I don't.
I feel clear.
I feel wonderful.
Good.
I feel wonderful, too.
How come you smell so good?
You smell like
you've burned petrol.
Come on, woman.
It's not possible for a person
-to smell better than petrol.
I am so hungry. Are you?
I think I want a drink as well.
Where do you stand on cheese?
Sarah.
Neil.
Azra knows I'm in love with you.
How?
I told her.
-Why?
-It's the truth.
But...
Oh, God.
What did she say?
That she knew.
And that I should go.
Oh, Neil.
-What will you do?
-Well...
I've left.
I want to be with you.
I want to spend
my life with you.
Azra said herself,
we've been finished for years.
You need to slow down.
You're scaring me.
-She thinks we'll be happy.
-Azra thinks we'll be happier?
-No, she thinks...
-When did you and Azra
have this heart-to-heart
where the two of you decided
that you should spend
your life with me?
-Tonight, but that's not...
-Why didn't you tell me before?
-I just told you now.
-Before we...
I never would have...
I'm not leaving Campbell,
let's just get that straight.
This wasn't about forever.
-This was just...
-What?
An experiment?
You're getting your rocks off
for one night only
-and I'm the guinea pig?
-No.
You asked me
to your empty house.
Oh, don't you dare! Come on.
And that's fine.
But what's not fine
is me wanting more.
That's messed up.
You're not the one
that got used here, Sarah.
I did.
That is rubbish!
You had me
under false pretences.
I thought this was two people
in the moment having
some joy for once!
But you had to take over.
You had to commandeer it.
You've ruined it.
I wish it never happened.
Ian Duffy is being flown
home from Reykjavik.
The Chief Super wants
the anxiety about him
laid to rest.
Can you be back here
in an hour to interview?
-Yes, boss.
Second floor.
-Azra.
-Hi.
-Hello.
-Going down.
-Hi.
-AUTOMATED VOICE:
Doors closing.
Order 2442.
We got through to the guy
who corresponds
with the login details,
expecting we'd have to trace
who he subbed it to.
He sold it.
He sold his Dundee's login
for 200 quid online.
Who'd he sell it to?
We don't know
that yet, obviously.
Where are you staying?
My sister's.
First floor.
-Going down.
Take your time, Holly.
I was waiting for a guy
called Elliott.
I was fairly near the door,
so I'd know him from
his photo when he came in.
His photo on the dating app?
Uh-huh.
I was starting to think
he'd bolted.
And that pissed me off.
'Cause he was the one
that was keen.
And I thought, I'll give this
a chance for five more minutes.
And then...
How was he keen, this guy?
I was fine texting,
but he pushed me.
We made a date,
but he wanted sooner.
Said he couldn't wait.
And who suggested the Mezcal?
He did.
Holly, could you
show me his photo?
Mmm.
-You need to hold that.
-Yeah.
It's pretty obvious
why I picked him.
Who did you reject?
-Sorry?
-Well, can you show us photos
of guys who you rejected?
The old dean or the new dean?
He forwarded all the emails
saying how worried he was
about Euan McMillan,
which the vice dean
ignored to the old dean.
-When?
-Not long before
the old dean left
and the new dean started.
She must know about it.
She's covering something up.
I was right.
Stop, This is hypothetical.
It's all hearsay,
and it has huge
reputation-damaging
possibilities.
If a student wound up dead
because the school of science
failed him,
I am not going to drop it.
I'm not telling you to drop it.
But if you're going to go
looking into the dean,
who you've already antagonised,
you need to make very sure
of where people's loyalties lie
before you go around
asking questions. I mean it.
You know who
your secret weapon is.
Janine.
Oh, I talked to Erika
about gossiping to Janine,
and I was tough.
It worked. We're back on track.
Good.
What's going on with you?
Handing over the bomb work.
Right.
I saw them pack up
all the productions
to drive them down to Hampshire.
Wiltshire.
Porton Down's in Wiltshire.
Okay.
I'm going to go talk to Janine.
I've made the biggest mistake
of my life.
With the bomb work?
No.
With Neil.
You passed this lot over
this week?
Yeah.
Slow down.
Can you go back?
Hmm.
Stop.
We were looking at food pickups
from the Mezcal to clarify
timings of the bomb.
Did you see any?
Any what?
Couriers.
Food delivery couriers.
A food guy came in.
He winked at me.
This guy?
I don't know.
Holly, would you be prepared
to let us have your phone?
-I've always been good.
-I know.
I always wondered
what it'd be like
not to be good.
Now I know it's appalling.
Why did I do it?
You didn't kill anyone.
It's okay.
It's not okay.
Okay.
Subject closed, okay?
For good.
Just one thing.
Before it all went terrible
with Neil, was it fun?
Does Neil think
you're happy at home?
I am happy at home.
I think you make
a good show of it.
Jesus Christ, Safi.
Thank God for you.
I would have missed it.
He's not just
a delivery driver.
-He only works for Dundee Eats.
-He does.
Sam... Sam Kilty.
Phone number he gave us
when we interviewed him is dead.
There's no Sam Kilty registered
at the address he gave us.
Dundee Eats
have the same address.
Ken's going to see it
if it's a previous address.
And if they know him.
Elliott is a model.
We did a reverse image search.
His real name is Jonah Swift
He's based in Manchester.
That photo. One company
has exclusive use
for promotional material.
A group of plastic
surgery clinics called
Leda Aesthetics.
There's one in Dundee.
Submit a data protection form.
Now.
Erm, Professor Gordon.
Don't know if you had a chance
to read the email
I sent this morning?
No. What's it about?
It's a complaint
about Professor Torrance.
-There's a video attached.
-Um...
Come into my office.
What are the grounds
for complaint?
She presented my work
without due acknowledgment.
I'm very surprised to hear that.
I'm really unhappy about it.
Have a seat, Erika.
Talk to me.
No, thanks.
I just wanted to let you know
that, um,
after I sent it to you
I, um...
also sent it to the dean.
It's provided unique conditions
for my study.
I was surprised, too,
when I saw this result.
The adipocere was clearing
from the skeleton faster
than I expected.
My data would indicate,
that was what we found
in my data.
Well, because of my study.
Is that Erika's data?
No, I would never, I mean...
Clearly I did.
-But I can't believe I did that.
-What's going on here?
You and Erika
were thick as thieves.
Then you changed your tune.
This morning,
you said you were back on track.
Now she's gone nuclear. Why?
How could I have done that?
It happens.
It shouldn't, but it does.
I've done it.
You know, you're in a room
full of peers,
impostor syndrome kicks in
and you want to impress.
You don't acknowledge
as you should.
It's a bad mistake
and you need to apologise.
But I would expect Erika
to pull you up in a bit,
talk to you about it,
not email me
and include the dean.
Why has she gone so crazy?
-I don't know.
-You must know.
What, what's going on
between you?
Nothing.
The overnight at Lockley
when Pia broke up with me...
I handled it.
But after...
I had a panic attack.
I have panic attacks.
Since when?
Forever.
-Why did you never tell me?
-I'm a very private person.
I know how to deal with it.
I... I take a pill.
And if it happens at night,
I take one and a half.
It knocks me out.
In the morning, I'm fine. So...
Erika...
Erika woke up in the night
with flashbacks
and she knocked on my door.
I was out cold,
so she freaked out.
She got the concierge.
They...
They came into my room
and they were demanding
how many pills I'd taken.
I was in my shirt and underwear.
And the concierge left.
Erika stayed.
And...
What happened?
I don't remember.
I don't remember
what I did, or said,
or how long she stayed.
All I know is I took
more pills than usual,
I drank more than usual,
so I would have been...
disinhibited, and she was there.
-And you hate that.
-I hate that!
Well... It's not her fault
she was there.
I didn't say it was.
Did you talk about it?
No, She tried to.
She tried to comfort me
the next day.
She offered to be
my sounding board
about my breakup with Pia.
And what did you say?
Nothing. I shut it down.
I backed off.
I've kept backing off. But she,
and now she's done this.
You have to talk.
Okay, if you pretend
difficult things
aren't happening,
they just get worse and worse.
They just get more inflamed.
Students need to be able
to talk to us.
You having panic attacks
isn't your fault.
Her trying to comfort you
is kind, but you not dealing
with the situation
is a disaster.
That's why Erika's gone nuclear
and involved the dean
who you're already at war with,
thanks to your little speech.
You don't talk when you should,
and then you shoot your
mouth off when you shouldn't.
Honest to God, Kathy,
you're such
a useless communicator!
Okay, I, I made mistakes.
I accept that
and I will deal with them.
But...
Please, especially today, Sarah.
Don't talk to me like
you're someone who
doesn't make mistakes.
Sam Kilty has been here.
He's on their books.
We got an address for him.
The foreign address
they gave us is at
his old place in Trottick.
Dating from when?
A year ago.
The address the clinic
gave us for him
is in Muirhead.
When from?
A year ago. You try yours,
we'll try ours.
Okay, boss.
-Bye.
Don't answer it.
He's dragging us back
to speak to Ian Duffy.
It's a stupid idea.
This is a better one.
Fucking hell.
Sam Kilty live here?
I think he does.
Is there a Sam Kilty here?
There's a "Sam" somebody.
-Which room?
-Upstairs, blue door.
-He's out though.
-Where'd he go?
I don't know.
Sarah.
I need you.